The purpose of this project is to examine the skills and tools desired by employers for data related jobs (i.e. *Data Analyst*, *Data Scientist*, *Data Engineer*). The motivation for the project is two-fold. First, I am personally interested in data-related careers, and the skills and tools in demand from employers. Second, while job boards are helpful in searching for jobs, there is a lack of consistency in displaying which skills/tools are desired. In other words, job boards such as Indeed and Linkedin do not have any filtering functions or ways to aggregate by skills/tools mentioned in the job advertisement. There is usually filtering functions for location, seniority, industry, etc but the filtering does not go down to the necessary level of detail for skills/tools. Furthermore, job announcements are inconsistent on where they place the text for required skills/tools. Sometimes, it is under 'Qualifications', 'Requirements', 'Skills', 'Responsibilities', or other sections. Thus, it is necessary to do some level of web scraping and text preprocessing prior to analysis.  

This project will try to answer these questions:
- What tools/skills are most in demand for a Data Analyst?
- What tools/skills are most in demand for a Data Engineer?
- What tools/skills are most in demand for a Data Scientist?
- Which companies post the most data-related job openings?
- Can a classifier be built which predicts job role/title (Data Analyst, Data Engineer or Data Scientist) based on job description?